---
title: The wind freshens
date: 2018-12-04
draft: true
---

Hi everybody,

I have so far spent two and a half years at the University of Copenhagen. My
bachelor's project is imminent. I talked with a postdoc about various project
ideas, but I haven't decided on anything yet. I want to write about functional
programming, and small composable pieces of software.

Me and my fianc√©e decorated our apartment with small snowflakes, Christmas
hearts, and candles. We also talked about going out and cutting our own
Christmas tree in a week or so. A fresh cut Christmas tree is a guaranteed way
of getting into the Christmas spirit.

Let me tell you a little bit about the apartment I live in. There are 2 rooms, a
bathroom, and a living room with an open connection to the kitchen. The
apartment is situated in a collection of row houses. Thus we interact a lot with
our neighbors. We have a neighbor couple that we play badminton with, and we
often eat together as well. We often meet up with another couple and play board
games or go for long walks.

I woke up early this morning and worked on my computer logic course.  December
just arrived, and I'm still trying to get accustomed to the dark days of winter.
I went for a walk. The air was fresh and cool. I saw a squirrel down by the lake
foraging for food. And I did the same thing when I got home. Reluctantly I went
shopping for groceries, and stocked up for several days.

It's 3 AM, and I had trouble falling asleep, so I am writing this instead. While
writing this I've ripped the last of my CDs to my computer for backup. Now I
don't have to bring my discman to the university when I want to listen to some
tunes while working.

I'd better hit the sack. I won't write again before New Year, so for now I hope
you have a merry Christmas and a happy New Year.

Christiansen
